User docs connector dhfs update (#91)
ghga-de/docs.ghga.de: user_docs/user_stories/submission/submitter_guide.md

1. Signing of a Data Processing Contract, see [here](dpc_preparation.md).
2. Preparation of the non-personal metadata
3. Research Data File submission, see [here](RDF_submission.md)

The signing of a DPC has to be finalized before a Data Steward is allowed to interact with the non-personal metadata. Preparation of the metadata can be done on the submitter side in parallel.

## 2. Metadata preparation

> The GHGA metadata model aims at facilitating comprehensive submissions that maximize the amount of collected metadata in a FAIR manner. Submissions can be either prepared in JSON format or by using a [submission spreadsheet](https://github.com/ghga-de/ghga-metadata-schema/tree/main/spreadsheets). An example submission can be found in our [Github repository containing example data](https://github.com/ghga-de/example-data). The provided metadata are categorized as **Research Metadata** and **Administrative Metadata**, whereas the former collect information about the experimental and data acquisition process and the latter about data access, rights management and disposition. It is crucial, that only non-personal metadata are submitted to GHGA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GHGA metadata model aims at facilitating comprehensive submissions that maximize the amount of collected metadata in a FAIR manner. Submissions can be either prepared in JSON format or by using a [submission spreadsheet](https://github.com/ghga-de/ghga-metadata-schema/tree/main/spreadsheets). An example submission can be found in our [Github repository containing example data](https://github.com/ghga-de/example-data). The provided metadata are categorized as **Research Metadata** and **Administrative Metadata**. The former collects information about the experimental and data acquisition process whereas the latter about data access, rights management and disposition. It is crucial, that only non-personal metadata are submitted to GHGA.
```

Both Validator and Transpiler are publicly available and can be used by the submitter to validate the submission on their end.

## 4. Metadata publication on the Data Portal

> Once the files are deposited and the metadata submitted to the GHGA Helpdesk, the submission is finalized but the data is not yet findable on the [**GHGA Data Portal**](https://data.ghga.de/). To make the metadata of the submission publicly findable and allow Data Access Requests to be started for the data, simply notify the GHGA Helpdesk. This will generate stable accessions that can be used to refer to the data deposition at GHGA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the files are deposited and the metadata is submitted to the GHGA Helpdesk, the submission is finalized but the data is not yet findable on the [**GHGA Data Portal**](https://data.ghga.de/). To make a submission's metadata publicly available and enable Data Access Requests for the associated data, simply notify the GHGA Helpdesk. This will generate stable accession identifiers that can be used to reference the data deposited in GHGA.
```
